Update release notes, clean up readme, add PHP 7.3 test for v8 (#1011)
thephpleague/oauth2-server: README.md

If you have any questions about OAuth _please_ open a ticket here; please **don't** email the address below.

## Security

> If you discover any security related issues, please email `andrew.millington@ed.ac.uk` instead of using the issue tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you discover any security related issues, please email `andrew@noexceptions.io` instead of using the issue tracker.
```
